{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-ItalicMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red16\green60\blue192;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c6667\c33333\c80000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid3\'02\'02.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li2160\lin2160 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs24 \cf2 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 React js\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Definition: A declarative, efficient, and flexible JavaScript library for building user interfaces\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Description: Front-end, and used for handling the view later for web and mobile apps. It allows programmers to create reusable UI components and we use these components to tell react what we want to see on the screen so that react can efficiently update and re-render components.\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 HTTP Protocol (HyperText Transfer Protocol)\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Definition: a protocol which allowed the fetching of resources, such as HTML documents\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Description: connectionless text based protocol. The foundation of any data exchange; requests are initiated by the recipient (usually web browser) and document is constructed from different sub-documents fetches (layout description, images, scripts, videos, etc\'85) The Web browser sends requests, and the messages sent by the server are responses. Connections between the client and the server are disconnected after each single request.\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 TCP/IP fundamentals (Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Definition: the underlying communication language of the internet\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-2160\sl320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl2\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 TCP: (top layer) takes large amounts of data, compiles it into packets and sends them on their way to be received by a fellow tcp layer which turns those packets into useful information/data\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl2\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 IP: (bottom layer) locational aspect of the pair allowing the packets of info to be sent and received to the current location. Ex. GPS\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Description: A process of compiling packets of data and sending them to the right location allowing one computer to talk to another computer. A packet is the smallest unit of transmitted information over the internet. TCP is the data, IP is the internet location GPS.\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Spring MVC\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Definition: a java framework; provides Model-View-Controller architecture and ready components that can be used to develop flexible and loosely coupled web applications\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Description:\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-2160\sl320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl2\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Model: encapsulates the application data and in general will consist of POJO (plain old java object) data can be a single object or a collection of objects\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl2\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 View: responsible for rendering the model data and in general it generates HTML output that the client\'92s browser can interpret- provided information in a particular format\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl2\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Controller: responsible for processing user requests and building an appropriate model and passes it to the view for rendering (business logic of an application)\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Mongo DB\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Definition: A general purpose, document-based, distributed database built for modern application developers and for the cloud era\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Description: Stores data in JSON-like documents. Databases contain collections which contain documents which make it very adaptable to real business world situations. Supports searching by field, range queries and regular expression searches which improve performance of searches. Can run over multiple servers and duplicate data in case of hardware failure.\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	6.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 SpringBoot\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Definition: An open source java based framework used to create a micro service\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Description: Provides a good platform for java developers to develop a stand-alone and production-grade spring application that will just run. Efficient, increases productivity and reduces development time\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	7.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Angular\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Definition: A platform for building mobile and desktop web applications\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Description: It lets you use HTML as template language and extends HTML\'92s syntax to express your application components clearly. Creates HTML constructs and teaches the browser new syntax through a construct called directives. Handles DOM and AJAX glue code and puts it into a well defined structure.\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	8.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Fortran\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Definition: a computer programming language that is extensively used in numerical, scientific computing\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Description: Has been declining over the years but has a strong base with scientific programmers, weather forecast organizations, financial trading, and engineering simulations. Can be highly optimized, is a compiled language (compiled ahead-of-time) which makes it differ to other languages that run code through an interpreter and executes the instructions directly but as a results computes at a slower speed\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	9.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Backbone JS\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Definition: Gives structure to web applications by providing models with key-value binding and custom events, collections with a rich API, views with declarative even handling and connects it all to your existing API over a RESTful JSON interface\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Description: You represent your data as 
\f1\i models, 
\f0\i0 which can be created, validated, destroyed, and saved on the server. When am UI action causes a model to change, the model triggers a \'93change\'94 event, respond accordingly, and re-render themselves\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	10.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Django\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl320\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Definition: High level python web framework that encourages rapid development and clean, pragmatic design.\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl320\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Description: designed to help developers finish apps as quickly as possible, helps avoid security mistakes, flexible scale to meet heavy traffic needs, extremely versatile\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 Reference:
\f2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa320\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://reactjs.org/tutorial/tutorial.html#what-is-react"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0 \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 https://reactjs.org/tutorial/tutorial.html#what-is-react}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa320\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Overview"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0 \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Overview}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa320\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.hostingadvice.com/blog/tcpip-make-internet-work/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0 \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 https://www.hostingadvice.com/blog/tcpip-make-internet-work/}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa320\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.tutorialspoint.com/spring/spring_web_mvc_framework.htm"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0 \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 https://www.tutorialspoint.com/spring/spring_web_mvc_framework.htm}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa320\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.javatpoint.com/spring-mvc-tutorial"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0 \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 https://www.javatpoint.com/spring-mvc-tutorial}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa320\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.mongodb.com/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0 \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 https://www.mongodb.com/}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa320\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.guru99.com/what-is-mongodb.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0 \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 https://www.guru99.com/what-is-mongodb.html}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa320\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.tutorialspoint.com/spring_boot/spring_boot_introduction.htm#:~:text=Spring%20Boot%20is%20an%20open,and%20production%20ready%20spring%20applications."}}{\fldrslt 
\f0 \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 https://www.tutorialspoint.com/spring_boot/spring_boot_introduction.htm#:~:text=Spring%20Boot%20is%20an%20open,and%20production%20ready%20spring%20applications.}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa320\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://docs.angularjs.org/guide/introduction"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0 \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 https://docs.angularjs.org/guide/introduction}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa320\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://ourcodingclub.github.io/tutorials/fortran-intro/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0 \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 https://ourcodingclub.github.io/tutorials/fortran-intro/}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa320\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://backbonejs.org/#Getting-started"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0 \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 https://backbonejs.org/#Getting-started}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa320\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.djangoproject.com/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0 \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 https://www.djangoproject.com/}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\
}